# 3. Customer development

## About

This page is a hometask for [..](../ "mention") project from [2023.11.02-customer-development.md](../../../events/2023-q4-startup-school-by-startup-depot-family-archive/2023.11.02-customer-development.md "mention") lecture

## Task

### Write at least 3 hypotheses to be validated during the interview

1. I want to have a backup for my photo gallery
2. I store my photos online using Google Drive or alternative
3. Unordered photo gallery is a problem
4. I am willing to pay to sort my photo gallery
5. I rarely (1-2 times a year) revisit my photo gallery&#x20;
6. I have duplicates in my photo gallery
7. I fear losing access to online storage

### Make a list of questions to ask during the interview

1. Which photos are the most important to you to store and why? (1)
2. How do you store these photos? (2, 3)
3. How do you organize your photo gallery? (3)
4. What do you like or don't like about \*place where stores photos\*? (3, 4, 6, 7)
5. How much do you pay for \*place where stores photos\*? (4)
6. Can you tell me about last time when you revisited your old photos? (6, 7)
7. Can you tell me about last time when you lost your photos or access to them? (7)

### Write 2-3 versions of letters for outreach to your ICP

#### Direct Message (Option 1 - clear truth)

Hi {FirtstName} 👋,

I'm Ivan, a future father and a software engineer. I have an idea about making family photo storage easier for the long term, and I'm in the process of validating it.&#x20;

Would you have 15 mins for a quick online coffee chat this week? I’d love to get your take on how you save and organize your family photos. 📸

Please choose the most suitable time here \
https://calendly.com/family-archive/quick-insight-session

#### Direct Message (Option 2 - student - brief)

Hey {FirtstName} 👋,

I’m Ivan, a Master’s student looking into how families keep & organize their digital photos. 🎓📷

Would you be up for a quick 15-minute online chat this week? It’s just for my research, no strings attached. I’d really value your perspective on this!

Please choose the most suitable time here \
https://calendly.com/family-archive/quick-insight-session

#### Direct Message (Option 3 - student - long)

Hey {FirtstName} 👋,

I’m Ivan, a student currently working on my Master’s thesis. I have an idea for a project about making family photo storage easier for the long term, and I'm in the process of validating it. 🎓📸

Could we hop on a quick 15-minute call this week so I can ask a few questions about how you store your photos? I’d really value your perspective on this!

Please choose the most suitable time here \
https://calendly.com/family-archive/quick-insight-session

