---
description: Customer interview with my mom
---

# 23.10.2023 - Mom

### Customer

My mom is a married woman with 40-50 age bracket. Has two children. Not a technical person. Not likely to search for the solution to a problem.

### Interview

— Nowadays, we all have phones and can take pictures of anything at any time. Tell me how you store your photos, specifically the process from the moment you take them.

— I manually upload to Google Drive and then download the photos to my computer.

— Why not just go straight to the computer?

— It's convenient for me to download it to a disk in my free time and then download it to my computer at another time.

— Why not just keep them on Google Drive?

— I have limited space and I don't want to pay.

— Okay. How do you decide which photos to save and which to discard? Do you organize them somehow?

— I usually create folders by year and event. For example "2022.06 - trip to Lviv". Also I rename files to "DDMMYYYY" format, but it takes a lot of time and I rarely do this.

— Did you searched for a tool that can solve this problem?

— No.

— Okay. What you don't like about your current process of saving photos?

— Well, Google Drive sometimes doesn't upload all photos and I have to manually check every file. It doesn't happen with good quality Internet. The whole process is slow.

— What is the most important in saving photos? Why don't just delete them?

— These are memories. I would like to revisit them when I am old.

— Is there anything I should have asked you but didn't?

— I can tell you about my ideal program. I would like it to automatically upload my photos into automatically created folders every day or every week. It has to be configurable. Then I will either collapse the folders, or just add my comments about the place.

— Sounds cool. Is there anything else?

— I don't want to select photos manually, it has to upload them.

— I believe that's it. Thank you!

